com/zxing/view/ViewfinderResultPointCallback.java
 com.zxing.view.ViewfinderResultPointCallback
com/zxing/decoding/DecodeFormatManager.java
 com.zxing.decoding.DecodeFormatManager
com/qrcode/databinding/CaptureBinding.java
 com.qrcode.databinding.CaptureBinding
com/model/Record.java
 com.model.Record
com/zxing/activity/CaptureActivity.java
 com.zxing.activity.CaptureActivity
 com.zxing.activity.CaptureActivity$1
 com.zxing.activity.CaptureActivity$2
com/MyApplication.java
 com.MyApplication
com/zxing/camera/PlanarYUVLuminanceSource.java
 com.zxing.camera.PlanarYUVLuminanceSource
com/database/DBOpenHelper.java
 com.database.DBOpenHelper
com/qrcode/databinding/ImgdalogBinding.java
 com.qrcode.databinding.ImgdalogBinding
com/zxing/decoding/InactivityTimer.java
 com.zxing.decoding.InactivityTimer
 com.zxing.decoding.InactivityTimer$1
 com.zxing.decoding.InactivityTimer$DaemonThreadFactory
com/zxing/decoding/DecodeThread.java
 com.zxing.decoding.DecodeThread
com/zxing/decoding/DecodeHandler.java
 com.zxing.decoding.DecodeHandler
com/zxing/camera/CameraManager.java
 com.zxing.camera.CameraManager
com/zxing/camera/FlashlightManager.java
 com.zxing.camera.FlashlightManager
com/qrcode/databinding/ItemListBinding.java
 com.qrcode.databinding.ItemListBinding
com/qrcode/databinding/ActivityRecordBinding.java
 com.qrcode.databinding.ActivityRecordBinding
com/qrcode/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.qrcode.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/zxing/encoding/EncodingHandler.java
 com.zxing.encoding.EncodingHandler
com/model/User.java
 com.model.User
com/data/Data.java
 com.data.Data
com/zxing/decoding/Intents.java
 com.zxing.decoding.Intents
 com.zxing.decoding.Intents$Encode
 com.zxing.decoding.Intents$Scan
 com.zxing.decoding.Intents$SearchBookContents
 com.zxing.decoding.Intents$Share
 com.zxing.decoding.Intents$WifiConnect
com/zxing/camera/AutoFocusCallback.java
 com.zxing.camera.AutoFocusCallback
com/qrcode/databinding/ActivityMain1Binding.java
 com.qrcode.databinding.ActivityMain1Binding
com/zxing/decoding/FinishListener.java
 com.zxing.decoding.FinishListener
com/zxing/camera/CameraConfigurationManager.java
 com.zxing.camera.CameraConfigurationManager
com/zxing/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 com.zxing.camera.PreviewCallback
com/qrcode/MainActivity.java
 com.qrcode.MainActivity
 com.qrcode.MainActivity$1
 com.qrcode.MainActivity$2
com/zxing/decoding/CaptureActivityHandler.java
 com.zxing.decoding.CaptureActivityHandler
 com.zxing.decoding.CaptureActivityHandler$State
com/qrcode/databinding/MainBinding.java
 com.qrcode.databinding.MainBinding
com/qrcode/BuildConfig.java
 com.qrcode.BuildConfig
com/zxing/view/ViewfinderView.java
 com.zxing.view.ViewfinderView
com/qrcode/RegisterActivity.java
 com.qrcode.RegisterActivity
 com.qrcode.RegisterActivity$1
 com.qrcode.RegisterActivity$2
 com.qrcode.RegisterActivity$3
 com.qrcode.RegisterActivity$4
com/qrcode/MainActivity1.java
 com.qrcode.MainActivity1
 com.qrcode.MainActivity1$1
 com.qrcode.MainActivity1$2
com/qrcode/RecordActivity.java
 com.qrcode.RecordActivity
